README.md, before:

## ATTACK! - A fork of Retaliation for use with php script


### Summary
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html

> Do programmers have quiet working conditions?

Hell no! That's why they all wear headphones! But how do you get their attention
without looking like an idiot? ("scuse me. ummm. Jill? can you hear me? Scuse
me")

Attack! solves this problem.

### How to Use

  1.  Mount your <a href="http://www.dreamcheeky.com/thunder-missile-launcher">Dream Cheeky Thunder USB Missile Launcher</a> 
      in a central and fixed location.

  2.  Download the balsama fork of retaliation.py script onto the Raspberry Pi
      connected to your missile launcher.

  3.  Modify your `COMMAND_SETS` in the `attack.py` script to define your 
      targeting commands for each one of your d programmers. A command set is 
      an array of move and fire commands. It is recommend to start each 
      command set with a "zero" command.  This parks the launcher in a known
      position (bottom-left).  You can then use "up" and "right" followed by a 
      time (in milliseconds) to position your fire.
 
      You can test a set by calling attack.py with the target name. e.g.:  

           python retaliation.py "[developer's user name]"

      Trial and error is the best approach. Consider doing this secretly after hours for
      best results!

  4.  Install Apache and PHP on the Pi and move the index.php file into your
      web root (/var/www). Modify the select list in index.php to match the 
      names of your developers defined in the COMMAND_SETS in attack.py.
  
  5.  You need to modify your apache config to run apache as pi (the account
      that comes installed with raspberry wheezian) or modify the user that 
      runs apache so it has sudo powers without entering a password.

      E.g. in /etc/sudoers: www-data ALL=(ALL) NOPASSED: ALL

  6.  The next time someone is ignoring you, load up the index.php file in a 
      browser and fire away!

####  Requirements:

  * A <a href="http://www.dreamcheeky.com/thunder-missile-launcher">Dream Cheeky Thunder USB Missile Launcher</a>. 
  * Python 2.6+
  * Python PyUSB Support (http://sourceforge.net/projects/pyusb/)  
  * A Raspberry Pi

Commit message:

* PHP script now detects location of attack.py assuming they are in the same directory * Added status messages after submitting attack form

README.md, after:

## ATTACK! - A fork of Retaliation for use with php script


### Summary
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html

> Do programmers have quiet working conditions?

Hell no! That's why they all wear headphones! But how do you get their
attention without looking like an idiot? ("scuse me. ummm. Jill? can you 
hear me? Scuse me")

Attack! solves this problem.

### How to Use
  1.  Install Apache and PHP on your Raspberry Pi. The user running Apache 
      (www-data by default) needs to be able to execute sudo commands without
      entering a password.

      E.g. in /etc/sudoers: www-data ALL=(ALL) NOPASSED: ALL


  2.  Modify your `COMMAND_SETS` in the `attack.py` script to define your 
      targeting commands for each one of your d programmers. A command set is 
      an array of move and fire commands. It is recommend to start each 
      command set with a "zero" command.  This parks the launcher in a known
      position (bottom-left).  You can then use "up" and "right" followed by a 
      time (in milliseconds) to position your fire.
 
      You can test a set by calling attack.py with the target name. e.g.:  

           python retaliation.py "[developer's user name]"

      Trial and error is the best approach. Consider doing this secretly after
      hours for best results!

  3.  Download the Missle Attack! source code from github
      (https://github.com/balsama/Missile-Attack) and place it in your web 
      root directory.

  4.  Modify the select list in index.php to match the names of your developers
      defined in the COMMAND_SETS in attack.py.

  5.  Install Python PyUSB Support (http://sourceforge.net/projects/pyusb/)

  6.  Mount your <a href="http://www.dreamcheeky.com/thunder-missile-launcher">Dream Cheeky Thunder USB Missile Launcher</a> 
      in a central and fixed location and connect it to your Raspberry Pi.

  7.  The next time someone is ignoring you, load up the index.php file in a 
      browser and fire away!

####  Requirements:

  * A <a href="http://www.dreamcheeky.com/thunder-missile-launcher">Dream Cheeky Thunder USB Missile Launcher</a>. 
  * Python 2.6+
  * Python PyUSB Support (http://sourceforge.net/projects/pyusb/)  
  * A Raspberry Pi
